feat: adding context with timeout support to functions (#1)
sailhouse/sdk-go: README.md

# Sailhouse SDK - Go

> To get started, follow the steps in [Sailhouse Document](https://docs.sailhouse.dev/getting-started/setup) to create `topic`, `subscription` and `token`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, follow the steps in the [Sailhouse documentation](https://docs.sailhouse.dev/getting-started/setup). You'll need to create an application and a token before using the SDK.
```
